oh oh yeah now uh huh
that's when I get on huh mom's been
followed your trail back here your
brother's foot well but there were too
many I thought the T give a strength not
immortality it gives me life I have
never felt anything like it you must be
careful respect the power of atty I
thought I care done your mother was
right to worry about the danger uh I am
certain I can defeat anyone god first
kill Arnold stop the destruction here
then kill Washington you must succeed I
don't look it yeah not you
Oh buddy
each man is madison's Putnam gutted a
man yesterday for having dirt in his
musket I'm all for weeding out the word
isn't entirely be careful that we're on
the right side but that doesn't mean
we're safe recovery tough-as-nails day
one we brought them down now good we
have nothing to worry about don't be so
sure we've got one more day in this
place before we're relieved and then
it's off to the valley forge awaiting
orders from commander Putnam where's
Arnold I've gone off into some sort of
seclusion until the King sets his point
I'm trying to get people
maybe Boston or New York Boston
give them whatever
we are very grateful I would help you
with your people but I must get to
Valley Forge once everyone is safe at
the refugee camp north of here I will
join you at Valley Forge to help you to
repay your kindness no need but if I see
you there I will be happy for your help
you may find other camps for love are
enslaved people they are sad reminders
of Arnold's terror and devastation
you